>> Will Sentance: All right,
thumbs on this, you lost me.
[LAUGH] It's okay,
this stuff's super hard.
Very, very clear, these are brand
new features, ES7 clarification.
I didn't need you to put,
I didn't for for a long time,
cuz I don't want to explain const and
let and now we're doing pure ES7.
All right, Brian has a clarification,
Ben has one, Victor and Paul have one.
Josh is in the middle.
Let's start with Victor.
>> Victor: So I guess my question is,
maybe this is one of other ones
that should be left later.
What is this pattern after?
I mean, I feel like it's very new to me.
>> Will Sentance: Other languages have
iterators and generators.
Python has them, they're a pretty
standard, I don't know if it's standard,
but they're pretty nice.
I'm gonna say somewhat more contemporary,
because traditional computer
programming is very imperative.
That is all about saying I'm going
to show you exactly how I do
every last thing I do.
And as we go through time,
we develop a more abstract model where we
talk more about let me do what I wanna do,
as opposed to, for example here,
which I want to do?
I want to do literally get my
next element one after another.
That's a very,
I'm not showing you how I'm getting it.
Well, there's something similar here but
they're in Python at least and so
they're not completely by any means new.
Ben.
>> Ben: So
when we're returning from next to next,
are we also returning don false so
that we know, [CROSSTALK]
>> Will Sentance: Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I again,
that's a very good clarification.
I simplify this slightly or profoundly
from being the object than the job which
is actually returning
with the value ten and
don false to being the ten but
is very important clarification
here that's gonna help with your
familiarity when you see the actual code,
we actually return now an object
with the two properties.
I mentioned that before, but again,
it's just much more readable here, for
our purposes,
to say we returned the value.
But we actually returned,
value ten, done false.
Okay.
Great question, Ben.
Great, helpful clarification.
Paul?
>> Paul: Note the penultimate yield waits
for five plus newNum to evaluate
before suspending, right?
It doesn't just return five,
it says okay, add newnum, [CROSSTALK]
>> Will Sentance: Right, because the right
hand side is an expression that
can be evaluated before you,
like that's reasonable, like a return so
we'll do the same thing.
>> Paul: So that's my question, yeah,
whether you can put a turner in there,
whether you can put an expression.
>> Will Sentance: You can treat it just
like a return yeah.
Alec?
>> Alec: Does the generator object only
have the next property, or
there are other properties on there?
>> Will Sentance: Go inspect,
go inspect that dude.
I mean you're going to see that actually,
it's got a whole bunch of these built in
generator location, it's not only object,
>> Will Sentance: If we were to build
this out ourselves, we'd probably store it
I suppose we could store it on the object.
We'd want to store the cache of data,
though, probably in the backpack,
in the closure on the function.
And only functions get backpacks.
But the location position, I guess,
could be easily stored on the object.
This is actually a property not on next,
it's a property on the object.
So the whole bunch of properties
on this object that come out,
>> Will Sentance: Generates a location,
actually scope is stored on the objects,
under the hood of it,
it must be still attached to the function
if it's imprinting closure itself,
but it may be an internal
feature of JavaScript, but
it's stored as a square bracket
scope property with that data and
it has a property called status
suspended when it's not executing.
It has a property
generator location itself which refers
to where is the generator defined.
In JavaScript.
That's like five or six properties.
>> Alec: Sure.
>> Will Sentance: Okay.
>> Speaker 6: Does it have too?
[CROSSTALK]
>> Will Sentance: It won't be on
the object itself, but
it could be on the prototype or the,
of the generator object type.
Okay, any other clarifications?
James?
>> James: Number one, I see this as super
powerful because you could certainly have
a generator that's essentially an infinite
loop, as long as it keeps yielding.
>> Will Sentance: Yeah,
that's actually very, very true.
That's one of the most
powerful features of these,
yeah.
>> James: Primes or
Fibonacci calculations.
>> Will Sentance: What a great
insight, yes.
Absolutely, it's one of the most
powerful things about this design.
>> James: And number two,
I assume the shortcoming here, and
which likely leads into the last topic,
is this is synchronous code, however.
Right?
>> Will Sentance: Well let's see in
a moment what happens if we
were to instead yield something
that is an asynchronous task being set up.
And that's our very final peace.
Before we get to that, I think it's
worth doing one more block of pairing.
Just almost to give
ourselves a little breath of
fresh air even in the meantime but
also metaphorically so in other words,
go back to the challenges for a bit just
to test yourself out on this material.
Those last challenge is 789.
Of this material.
But in a moment as we just said, this
returnNextElement is a special object.
There's a next method which starts or
continues running create flow
until it hits yield returns
out the value being yielded.
We end up with a stream flow of values so
we can get one by one.
But we get control and dynamically.
But we're gonna see most importantly for
the first time we get to pause,
pseudo suspend a function being called,
and return to it back into create flow,
using returnNextElement.next, calling it.
Just only a little bit of a preview,
in asynchronous JavaScript,
we want to be able to initiate
a task that takes a long time.
For example,
we're requesting dates from a server.
Move on with regular synchronous code.
And then come back to run
further functionality
on the data that comes back from the slow,
asynchronous task.
What if we were to yield out of
the function at the moment it's setting
off the long-time task, the slow task, and
return to the function only when that task
is complete, we might finally
get a model of thinking about
a synchronicity that
reads logically to us.
We're going to see it after
this pair programming break.
Then I'm gonna wrap it.
We're gonna build it ourselves, manually.
We're then gonna wrap it with a brand
new construct known as Async/await.
All right, people, here we go.
Back to your pair programming,
we'll reconvene in ten, 15 minutes.